feat(rpc): Disable submission of triggers and gobject vote-conf RPC (#5552)
dashpay/dash: doc/release-notes-5552.md

Updated RPCs
--------

- `gobject` and all sub-RPCs are renamed to `govobject`.

> The purpose is to force MNs to disable Sentinel.

Reviewer: It doesn't really matter if they disable it as long as it can't conflict with anything.
```suggestion
The purpose is to prevent conflicts on masternodes that do not remove or disable Sentinel.
```
